Update docs to point to ui.digger.dev (#2024)
diggerhq/digger: docs/ce/getting-started/github-actions-+-aws.mdx

- A GitHub repository with valid terraform code. Here's a [demo repo](https://github.com/diggerhq/quickstart-actions-aws)
- Your AWS credentials. See [Hashicorp's AWS tutorial](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/aws-get-started/aws-build)

# Step 1: create your Digger account

Head to [ui.digger.dev](https://ui.digger.dev) and sign up using your preferred method.

> You should see an empty dashboard after you sign up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see onboarding screen after you sign up, which guides you to install the github app and perform the next steps
```

# Step 2: install the Digger GitHub App

> Install the Digger [GitHub App](https://github.com/apps/digger-cloud/installations/select_target) into your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Digger [GitHub App](https://github.com/apps/digger-pro) into your repository.
```
